clarify sd-jwt-r format (#41)
oauthstuff/draft-selective-disclosure-jwt: main.md

(Line breaks for presentation only.)

## Format of an SD-JWT Release

> SD-JWT-R contains claim values and the salts of the claims that the holder 
> has consented to release to the Verifier. This enables the Verifier to verify 
> the claims received from the holder by computing the hash sof the claims
> values and the salts revealed in the SD-JWT-R using the hashing algorithm 
> specified in SD-JWT and comparing them to the hash valued included in SD-JWT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An SD-JWT-R contains claim values and salts for the claims that the holder 
has consented to release to the Verifier. This enables the Verifier to verify 
the claims received from the holder by computing the hashes of the claim
values and the salts revealed in the SD-JWT-R using the hashing algorithm 
specified in the SD-JWT and comparing them to the hash values included in the SD-JWT.
```

    "address": "[\"Pc33JM2LchcU_lHggv_ufQ\", {\"street_address\": \"123 Main St\", \"locality\": \"Anytown\", \"region\": \"Anystate\", \"country\": \"US\"}]"
  }
}
``` 

> The following is a non-normative example of an SD-JWT-R for SD-JWT in Example 2
> that discloses only `region` and `country` of an `address` property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a non-normative example of an SD-JWT-R for the SD-JWT in Example 2
that discloses only `region` and `country` of the `address` property:
```

}
```

> When the holder sends SD-JWT-R to the Verifier, it MUST be a base64url-encoded 

Reviewer 2: "base64url-encode JWS" is a confusing description.  If the JWS uses the Compact Serialization, its parts are already base64url-encoded, therefore, one wouldn't re-encoded the JWS (which the current wording seems to imply).  Whereas, if it uses the JSON Serialization, then yes, one would need to base64url-encode it.  This should be clarified in the description.

> JWS as described in Section 5.1 of [@!RFC7515]. JWS Compact Serialization and 

Reviewer 2: [5.1](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7515#section-5.1).  Message Signature or MAC Computation doesn't seem like the section that you meant to reference.

> When the holder sends SD-JWT-R to the Verifier, it MUST be a base64url-encoded 
> JWS as described in Section 5.1 of [@!RFC7515]. JWS Compact Serialization and 
> JWS JSON Serialization can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the holder sends SD-JWT-R to the Verifier, the SD-JWT-R MUST be a base64url-encoded 
JWS as described in Section 5.1 of [@!RFC7515]. JWS Compact Serialization and 
JWS JSON Serialization can be used.
```

Reviewer 2: Again, "base64url-encoded JWS" needs to be corrected, as described in a previous comment.

> JWS JSON Serialization can be used.

Reviewer 2: Are we saying somewhere why are allowing the use of the JWS JSON Serialization?  On the surface of it, this will surprise people, as JWTs only permit the use of the Compact Serialization - so as to improve interoperability.  Many JWS implementations only support the Compact Serialization.

This should be discussed in its own section possibly called "JWS Serializations Supported", rather than introduced in passing, as it is in the current PR.

Reviewer 2: Also, see my comment https://github.com/oauthstuff/draft-selective-disclosure-jwt/issues/12#issuecomment-1153834228 .  I really don't think we should support signing formats other than the JWS Compact Serialization in the core SD-JWT spec.  If we want to define SD-JWT-like data structures using other signing formats, that should happen in different specification(s).

If holder binding is desired, the SD-JWT-R is signed by the holder. If no
holder binding is to be used, the `none` algorithm is used, i.e., the document
is not signed.

> Below is a non-normative example of a representation of SD-JWT-R for SD-JWT
> given in Example 1 using JWS Compact Serialization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a non-normative example of a representation of the SD-JWT-R for the SD-JWT
given in Example 1 using JWS Compact Serialization:
```
